README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋, I'm David

A passionate Senior Full-Stack web developer from France, living now in Montreal 🇨🇦
- 🔭 I’m currently working on [BeatPlatform](https://beatplatform.app)
- 🌱 I’m currently building modern web apps with **Next.js** and **TypeScript**
- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/emulienfou?tab=repositories)
- 💬 Ask me about **React, Next.js, TypeScript**
- 📫 How to reach me **david38sanchez@gmail.com**
- 📄 Know about my experiences [About Me](https://davidsanchez.me/about)

### Legacy Work
- **[Dwoo](https://github.com/dwoo-project)** - php template engine

## 💻 My Tech Stack

### Environment
![MacBook Pro, Brave, Chromium, Warp](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=macos,brave,chromium,warp)

### Languages
![HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=html,css,javascript,typescript,nodejs)

### Technologies
![React, Next.js, TailwindCSS, Shadcn/UI](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=react,next,tailwindcss,shadcn)

### Tools
![GitHub, Vercel, AWS, Docker, MySQL, PostgreSQL, WEbStorm, Claude](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=github,vercel,aws,docker,mysql,postgres,webstorm,claude)

<!--
**emulienfou/emulienfou** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update current project from BeatPlatform to EDMDb

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋, I'm David

A passionate Senior Full-Stack web developer from France, living now in Montreal 🇨🇦
- 🔭 I’m currently working on [EDMDb](https://edmdb.net)
- 🌱 I’m currently building modern web apps with **Next.js** and **TypeScript**
- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/emulienfou?tab=repositories)
- 💬 Ask me about **React, Next.js, TypeScript**
- 📫 How to reach me **david38sanchez@gmail.com**
- 📄 Know about my experiences [About Me](https://davidsanchez.me/about)

### Legacy Work
- **[Dwoo](https://github.com/dwoo-project)** - php template engine
- **[pdo_4d](https://github.com/emulienfou/pdo_4d)** - PDO_4D is a driver for the PHP Data Objects (PDO) interface to enable access from PHP to 4D databases

## 💻 My Tech Stack

### Environment
![MacBook Pro, Brave, Chromium, Warp](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=macos,brave,chromium,warp)

### Languages
![HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=html,css,javascript,typescript,nodejs)

### Technologies
![React, Next.js, TailwindCSS, Shadcn/UI](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=react,next,tailwindcss,shadcn)

### Tools
![GitHub, Vercel, AWS, Docker, MySQL, PostgreSQL, WEbStorm, Claude](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=github,vercel,aws,docker,mysql,postgres,webstorm,claude)

<!--
**emulienfou/emulienfou** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
